That's right, I'm Daxia Qianshang
Dad, did I hear you right?
He said he was humble
Humble and despicable is something that the whole of Daxia knows
You say you are humble
Do you take our aristocratic families for fools?
How dare you!
Humility and dignity enjoy supreme glory
How dare you blow him up?
I think you think your life is too long
Ye Feng, I know you want to earn some face for me
But when you say that, it's a bit outrageous.
I think someone has no panties left after being ripped off.
To tell such a big lie
If I let this kind of person mix with me and go to the official family
Then the century-old foundation of my Shangguan family
The future is bleak.
Somebody drag this rascal out of here
Cut his tongue
Wait, didn't you just ask me
Has Guan Jia ever seen the real Glory Sendai?
So today?
I'm going to show you and everybody here a little bit.
Come
Emperor Guan Jia congratulates the old lady on her birthday
One or two in Glory Sendai as a gift.